Text corrections for company identities v1 (#210)
Concordium/concordium-base: rust-bins/docs/identity-provider-cli.md

```console
identity_provider_cli validate-recovery-request --cryptographic-parameters cryptographic-parameters.json \
                      --ip-info ip-info.json \
                      --request recovery-request.json
```

> Upon success the tool will display the ID recovery validation result. If it is `true`, return the user's identity object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon success the tool will display the ID recovery validation result. The identity provider should return the identity object, if the following is satisfied:
-  the validation result it is `true`, and
-  the timestamp in the request does not deviate more than 15 minutes from the identity provider's current time,
-  the request is not a duplicate, i.e. the identity provider has not seen the very same request before. 
```

Reviewer: I agree. I updated the suggestion.
